Name of Team: Patricia, Avin, Jiaxin 
Team Members 

1.Patricia Ceban
   Lecture Section: B
   Lab Section: 01 
   Email: Patceban@my.yorku.ca 
   ID: 221373279

Implementation: 
1. Music on the game and game over page 
2. Redirecting to game over page after game over
3. Displaying player username, score, and total time on game over screen
4. Displaying username and timer on game page 
5. 'Attempts’ counter in corner of game 

2.Avinsadat Moosavimasouleh
   Lecture Section: B
   Lab Section: 03
   Email: Avin2005@my.yorku.ca
   ID:221356464

Implementation: 
1. Homepage 
2. Scoreboard and username functions 
3. Displaying score on scoreboard 
4. Displaying red border around shapes when the player is on their last attempt 
5. Navigation bar 

3.Jiaxin Sun
   Lecture Section: B
   Lab Section: 01
   Email: jiaxins@my.yorku.ca
   ID: 220940359

Implementation: 
1. Displaying shapes on game page
2. Start button 
3. Randomized functions for sequences of shapes for the user to repeat
4. Score counter 
5. Increasing difficulty as player continues to play game 

Github repository link: 
https://github.com/nnnicole2023/1012project.git

Instructions: 
1. Type (‘node server.js’) or (‘npm start’) in terminal to start the server on http://localhost:3001 (if you are missing an express module write ‘npm install’. If you get a “this address is already in use” error, close and reopen VS code) 
2. Go to the localhost address shown in terminal and enter the link on browser; this is where the website is running 
3. Write your name in the homepage. If you want to clear all names, press the “restart” button 
4. Read instructions on the “instruction” page 
5. Play the game on the game page 
6. After you lose on the game page, you will be redirected to the game over page 
7. If you are having trouble with the scoreboard try pressing "restart" and trying again. The scoreboard does not work on Avin's system when saving the score; we were unable to find the bug

For testing files: 
1. Uncomment export line found at the end of gamePage.js
2. Write "npx vitest" in terminal to run tests (note: 'npx vitest' updates in real time in terminal; keep this in mind when commenting and uncommenting code)
3. Recomment export line to continue running website
4. Tests are written in gamePage.test.js
5. If the vitest command does not work, write 'npm install jsdom --save-dev' and try writing 'npx vitest' again

Changes: 
Originally, we planned to put 'best highscore' in the scoreboard, but we changed it to current score because of difficulty and time constraints
The "game over" popup was changed to redirect to another webpage on lose to save time. The reason why music doesn't play onload of the game over page is due to browser restrictions 
